IPCV2 Group Project: Meeting 4
Date: Sunday, April 7th
Time: 9:00pm
Location: Lodge 55
Members Absent: N/A

Wade: "We have some good stuff going on."

Wade has made some good progress! Fuck yeah boiiii!
Bless up

Vlad: "Yeah, I can do perspective transforms."


Greg will be looking into how Hough Circles works
-for the paper/presentation

Do we need clean code? Eh, maybe. 

Deadlines??

 -Presentation: last two days of classes? (April 23rd) 
 -Due: April 25th

Smith is making the Latex doc and uploading the link to the GitHub.
Smith is also taking care of starting a Google Slides for the pressentation.

Slides vs PowerPoint? Slides, more collaborative.

Make directory to store doc and slides.
 -To store content (figures, etc.) as well
 -dirname: symposium


Code description from devs (code is also commented) for "outreach"
 -Need overarching ideas for those who are writing doc/slides
 -Comments should suffice


Moving forward: Goals?
 -Shortterm: Intro/background for paper written, start algo portion as well (maybe), section headers for Latex doc
	     Vlad getting his stuff done ("Tonight/tomorrow")
 -Longterm: pretty much shortterm, we running out of time eeek


Formalities Adjourned ~9:30pm
